1. List 5 difference between Browser JS(console) v Nodejs
Browser JS(console):-
    javascript is programming language that is used for writting scripts for website.
    javascript can be only run in browser.
    It is basically used on the client side.
    javascript is capable to add HTML and DOM manipulation.
    It is the upgraded version of ECMA script that uses Chrome’s V8 engine written in C++.
Nodejs :-
    NodeJS is javascript runtime environment.
    NodeJS can be run outside the browser.
    It is mostly used in server side.
    Nodejs does not have capability to add HTML tags.
    Nodejs is written in C, C++ and Javascript.

2. watch & summary 5 points - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SmE4OwHztCc&ab_channel=JSConf
    The HTML and CSS parse as render tree, then which can be placed in layout based on they absolute position,
with this coordinates the website is painted on browser screen.
    HTML is parsed with tokeniser, which will auto close the tags and tree constructer will construct DOM tree.
script, link and style could halt JS execution.
    CSS parser creates objects models (CSSOM) a representation of style sheet, rules, selectors decorations.
    Next process is render/frame tree, it will combain two objects models, style resolutions. This is the actual 
representation of website. There are multiple tree - render objects, render style, render layers, line boxes.
    Layout is recursive process to traverse render tree, figuring nodes position and size and layouts its childerns.
    Paint setup will take layed out render tree and creates layers, position nodes, transparency, overflow, canvas, etc.

3. To read - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/5641997/is-it-necessary-to-write-head-body-and-html-tags

4. Execute the below code and write your description in txt file
    typeof(1) - number
    typeof(1.1) - number
    typeof('1.1') - string
    typeof(true) - boolean
    typeof(null) - object
    typeof(undefined) - undefined
    typeof([]) - object
    typeof({}) - object
    typeof(NaN) - number

5. Read what is prototype?
    Prototypes are the mechanism by which JavaScript objects inherit features from one another.
    JavaScript is often described as a prototype-based language — to provide inheritance, objects 
can have a prototype object, which acts as a template object that it inherits methods and properties from.